Invite key.
Mm.
And...
Hello.
Hello!
Hello?
Yeah, yeah.
Hi, Anmol, how are you there?
Am I audible?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, now you are audible now.
Audible, Naveen.
Thank you.
Okay, okay. Yash.
Ohh, I think yes, yes,
he's also in the call.
Yash Chindam.
Do you want me to pull him?
Yeah, yes, yes, please.
I pulled him.
Yeah, okay. He's joined. Hey Anmol,
I think you haven't met Yash.
So Yash is a AI engineer who works
alongside with me here.
Mmh.
Yeah, Yash, give a brief, brief drag.
Hey, hey, it was nice connecting with you,
Mohan.
Ohh.
Uh, I, I have been um...
Yash.
Working in order from the past five to
six months,
I have studied AI in Mind the University
as my from my B.Tech.
Okay.
That's it.
Was it in, I mean,
you passed out BTEC this year, last year,
Uh, 2025, last.
I guess.
One to five. Yeah,
nice connecting with Yash.
Looking forward to work together.
Yeah, same, same Anmol, yeah.
And since I've already connected, yes,
multiple times, so no need to end.
Yeah, only, yes,
only on one of the you get in the loop.
That's good.
Hi, how are Uday? Hi.
Mohan.
OK, awesome.
Great, great, yeah, thanks.
Yeah, so let's get started.
I don't think I'm expecting this to be a
long meeting. Yeah,
so Anmol and Uday Likith,
did you get a chance to think on the
agent that I was talking about yesterday?
Yes,
we have connected and been from little
bit around the things that we have
discussed,
mostly like the accelerator that we have
discussed, right?
Yeah.
So let me give you the higher overview on
the across multiple dimension.
So what we have discussed, Anmol,
interrupt me if you want to.
Mhm.
go in more detail somewhere, right?
So we can think of the reusable
Yeah, please, Mohan.
accelerator that we have discussed,
like a very important one should be a
data layer accelerator, right?
So basically,
this will be deal onboarding a new
client's data very quickly, right?
Yes.
So we can go in more detail later,
but on the other side,
Mhm.
like apart from the data layer
accelerator,
we can have agent framework accelerator,
right?
We can call it agent framework something.
So we can have the reusable building
blocks for assembling or connecting the
multi-agent system.
Like we can have the base agent template
libraries, right?
We can have agent orchestrator framework.
Somehow we can build something,
a prompt management system, right?
Like a centralised for system prompts,
a few sort examples template.
right, business groceries.
So according to the client and data,
we can have template,
but we will be changing according to the
things, right?
And the one major component that should
be means conversational and UX part,
right? We can also reuse that as well. So,
yeah, like conversation behaviour config.
Rather than keeping it individual
platform,
we can make everything agnostic with,
like we can have the declarative
configure Y e-mail file or JSON file that
I have used in the or that code auto code
generator part as well, right? So.
Yeah,
this can be something or we can have
response format as well in the
conversational behaviour itself.
So also one thing we have discussed, yeah,
follow up a question engine we can set up.
You want to add something more Anmol?
No, Singh, you have already covered it,
but yeah,
I would like to maybe put it in in this
way, like we can, I mean,
ultimately Akhilesh, the objective,
what we...
Ohh, so on that.
Akhilesh job.
Satisfied.
Yeah.
Uh, okay.
Um.
And let's wait for Akhilesh for a few
minutes.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think it places back.
Hey, hi, sorry,
I think I had an internet issue.
I was traveling. So Uday,
I think I got your point.
Like you started from the lowest possible
abstraction, which is data,
Yash.
Yeah.
till the conversation.
Layers, how we are doing?
Is that how you are thinking?
Mm.
Yeah, yes, yes,
and further we can have the testing,
testing and evaluation frameworks as well.
We can set up that, so yeah,
Yash.
on higher point I have covered everything,
Anmol was adding something into that, so..
Yash.
.
Yeah, I was measuring on not adding,
I was just reframing this part.
That I mean,
our objective is that whenever a new
Who?
engagement is coming in,
we shouldn't be starting from zero, right?
We should be in a way,
if we have customised or already designed
Yash.
components, we should be plugging it,
configuring and going live,
something like that.
Which Akhilesh was mentioning yesterday,
like 30 to 40% of reduction in effort in
Mm.
a way, right? So, I mean,
in any typical such engagement,
Yash.
there are multiple phases which Uday was
mentioning, like client's data phase,
Yash.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, understanding the client's data,
then assembling the agent architecture if
it is agentic.
Also,
the conversation experience specifically,
how the agent actually behaves,
and then many things.
One very important thing I would say
which most teams skip and basically byte
simulator is the testing and evaluation
part,
which Uday was mentioning very
appropriately. And the very important,
I mean.
the one which ties all that together,
the onboarding part,
like client onboarding flow.
So these five phases we can go it with
Mhm.
Mohan.
instead of instead of basically going one
by one in sequence,
these five phases can be worked out in
parallel with.
If we have good enough resources or team
members who can work on it,
then these five phases can be worked out
in parallel because all are independent
of each other and can be worked out
together if we have good enough resources
Yash.
to carry these. If not,
then ultimately in any way,
this should be the breakdown.
Mhm.
What's your view, Akhilesh?
Wakde.
I, I, I think that makes sense, Anmol,
thinking along the lines,
because you know the cylinder I had.
Ohh.
Sir, your voice is bleak.
We are losing you, Mohan.
I...
We are not able to hear you, please.
OK, just just give just give me a minute.
I think in this area I have a bad
reception. I'll cross this in one minute,
just so...
Yeah, maybe with the schedule it,
maybe in the morning, man.
Yash.
I think this time usually Akhilesh is
travelling and we, I think,
disturb him in the wrong times.
Mhm.
Yeah, no worries.
Yeah, no problem.
I think it was this one day thing, right?
Yeah.
So I thought we'll take this up.
Just give me one minute, okay?
It's still busting.
I'll come to some good reception area.
For sure.
Um...
Up, up.
Hello!
Yeah, we can able to hear you.
Los.
Okay, awesome. Yeah,
so the areas what I was thinking are also
more on the same front that you are
thinking of, right? So the first one,
what I thought is,
what I thought is a playbook.
or a playbook kind of a document which
would help the client people, right?
Whether they are business or whether they
are the application maintenance
development teams.
So what I was thinking was.
So A playbook which will provide
meaningful insights in terms of how do we
look at the data and what kind of
insights that the current state of data
would be giving, right?
So that's one thing.
And once they have identified that.
Right, because that, for on that one,
I don't think we can build an accelerator
as such,
but user reusable instructions on how
should they look at the data from an
agent perspective,
so that that will give a clear picture on
what agent.
can do and cannot do with the current
state of data that they have.
So that was one.
And the second one was to assess the data
quality,
mainly on the four important data quality
factors like consistency.
Um...
You know, of...
Consistency and.
Yeah, accuracy, quality, maybe.
This will may.
Chindam.
Breaking again.
Yash.
Oh my god.
Okay.
Yeah.
Call.
No.
Search breaking a lot.
Hello!
Yash, sir.
Uday.
So, yeah, so let me continue. So,
the second one,
and the third one was knowledge graph
generation assembler. So,
this basically takes in two inputs, right?
So one is the denormalized database
schema, right?
And the context of that schema based on
these two things,
it will try to generate the knowledge
graph. With all the table descriptions,
column descriptions and all of those
things.
Based on the sample data that it sees,
it also could come up with the potential
patterns,
anti-patterns and one shot examples based
on the context it has.
Once we have that all things generated,
It will give a preview mode where they
can view and edit the changes and commit
once everything is in. So that way,
the initial knowledge graph creation,
right,
would be streamlined up to some extent.
And next one.
One conversation design starter.
So this basically again, not a technical,
not a technical accelerator,
rather a documented playbook which will
be used by the architect or could be
shared to the to the clients on.
How an agent conversation experience can
be built so that it will it will not only
give the perspective of the of how the
conversation agent behaves,
but it will also set the ground reality
on what would be the.
ups and downsides of having an
comprehensive context management,
the use of context windows,
and different types of conversation
patterns that can be achieved and all of
those things. And the last one,
I mean the last two ones are mainly on
the agent templates.
So this another SQL.
I.
That we are doing right now,
that would become one NL2 agent.
And the last of the testing and
evaluation part.
Which I feel like what you are thinking
is more aligning to what my thought
process is also,
so I think that's one good thing here,
Yash.
yeah, so probably, or Anmol, you know,
if you could share, if you...
Do you have on this one what could?
You are breaking again Akhilesh.
And stuff like that, share the.
Hello!
Yeah, yeah, you audible now;
you were gone for some time, please.
Yash, sir.
Loaded.
Okay.
Yeah, you were saying something, yeah.
Okay, so what I was saying is...
Yeah.
Yeah,
so what I was saying is if you could
share the accelerators and what each
accelerator scope would be right and how
Mhm.
we how we are thinking to implement
technically, you know,
at a very high level. I'm not.
I'm not interested in going into the
details. Yes, that's right. Yep, yep.
Got it kind of PID for the accelerators,
right?
Okay.
Mm.
Yeah, yeah, we will. Sure, sure,
we'll design that.
Okay.
So that would be great.
And so while we're doing it right,
so what I was thinking is,
I think we have already discussed.
So first we will build a demo analytics
agent. Okay, so.
Other than that,
I'm already working up with some,
you know, requirements or the capability.
expected out of this demo, right?
So what I will do is probably I'll share
those details to you, right?
Which will be more along the demo
recording that I have shared with you.
Both yesterday, so Yash,
could you please share that repository
link with Anmol and Uday in here,
so that they'll take a look at it? OK.
Of uh, so of the N.L. to a scale.
And parallel.
Of the inside.
Oh no,
the insights agent that you are working
on, right? You integrated with Copilot,
Kate, and all of that stuff.
Look, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yeah, so share it with Anmol and Uday,
so Anmol and they just take a look and
see how the end-to-end implementation is,
and if if we could do it in a better way,
you know, just suggest.
Yash, on how he needs to do it, you know,
so what I'll do is you do mainly focus on
the accelerator and help Yash in getting
the demo in place.
Anmol and the day.
Yeah, yeah, oh.
I also have another guy Likith.
I think he didn't join this call. Did he?
Okay.
So he will also be helping us on this one.
Okay.
And also we have one more front end guy.
His name is Kumar,
who is good at building full stack apps,
right?
So we can leverage these three folks
along with you two.
And probably I'll also get a couple of
more people onto this one so that like
you have mentioned Anmol right to
streamline all of these things.
I'll try to get.
Resources, but for now, we, you know,
we as a team,
we will be of six folks: you, me, Yash,
Yash, Likith, and Kumar.
Yash, so...
We will try to split this work across and
we will try to do it,
do things parallelly.
Okay.
Awesome, yeah, so, yeah,
so from tomorrow onwards, we'll plan,
yeah, but today, if you,
when you're gonna get a chance,
just take a look at it, take, I mean,
the code that Yash would be sharing,
so that you'll have the context on
whether we are going in the right
direction or not,
so you can correct me if something is
missing, but...
By end of day today,
what I'll do is I'll share you how the
insights or the analytics agent that I
was talking about,
what I'm envisioning and how it has to
behave.
So those things and some sample
conversation.
Of...
behavior. So that, you know,
I think that would give a good starting
point for you to start working towards
that.
Dot.
Okay.
Awesome. And Anmol,
I think you have already shared me those
Yash.
documents, right, which I have asked.
Yeah, shared.
Yeah, yeah, I saw that come,
and can you also share me the updated
rules?
file for Alcoa.
I'll try to update that and we can do
another round of testing. This one.
No.
Also Anmol,
this particular solution that you have
built, right?
Is it only executable on Docker or can I
run it in my local?
You can run it on your local, just.
Without.
Go to...
I mean, just run make dev fresh.
Make the fresh, OK.
Just check, make help,
make help will give you all the idea.
Okay, awesome. Yeah,
I'll take a look at it. And also,
one last thing, I'm requesting Anmal,
you and Uday, because these folks, right,
Likit, yes, they...
They do,
they do a good job in getting things done
right,
but one thing I felt lacking in these
people, mainly in these two folks,
is the use of, you know,
white coding platforms like cursor.
or GitHub Copilot.
So whenever you are connecting with them,
right,
if you could give some tips and tricks on
how best they can use these platforms in
terms of understanding the code base or,
you know,
implementing a new feature or
troubleshooting stuff,
that would be great.
Anmol and Uday. I mean,
these guys will obviously pick things up
Yash, sure.
faster.
I have been working with them like how
much?
Like 5 to six months and they have shown
a good progress and I think Uday also has
seen how Yash works.
So these two folks are pretty sharp guys.
So if you show them once or twice,
Yeah, right.
Okay.
they should be able to pick things up
quickly and can help you guys in getting
Yeah.
things done faster.
Yeah, sure. So,
do we have cursor access right now?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Yes, so I had...
Hey, yeah, Akhilesh.
About that and about the device,
could you please?
No, I will.
Singh.
Yes,
and on the device and this one I had a
discussion Anmol. So, Karsar,
I'm going to add you two into the Teams
subscription and on the device one Naveen
said he'll get back, but I'll follow.
I'll follow up with him again.
To make sure that that is.
He said the same thing last month.
So.
Mm.
Yes, I'm doing my best from my side,
so please be, I think Uday.
The.
And Akhilesh, so you, yeah,
you have requested for MacBook,
but he has sent just a MacBook.
It is not much, oh,
we can say high processing.
It's a very basic version, MacBook Air.
So I'm working on this. It will be.
Ohh.
Checking somewhere,
so I think Naveen just has said, yeah.
Can you can you share me what what specs
are you looking for?
You know the minimum and the maximum and
the thing in between.
Yeah, 24 GB RAM if you add.
Mhm.
And yeah, Rome would be 512.
That should be sufficient for all the
models which you want to run with Ola and
etc. So should we find 24 GB and 512.
Yeah.
TV also on OK.
Yeah, yeah,
and maybe I would suggest to use the M5
chip,
which is the fastest at the moment
available and in a way cheapest as well.
Okay, got it. So yeah, yes, I'll get,
I'll get both the MacBooks for you with
Naveen.
Yeah,
same thing if you ask for knowing for me
as well. Yeah.
the spec that you have.
I'll try to get that sorted as soon as
possible,
but please bear with me until then.
Anmol today.
Yeah, OK.
Mohan.
Awesome.
It looks like Likith has also joined.
Yep, that's.
Hey Likith.
I will.
Hey, hey Likith, so this is Anmol Uday.
Like I mentioned before,
Bing.
these are the two experienced freelancers
that will be working. So yeah,
just go ahead and give a brief
introduction about you.
So, myself Likith,
I have joined this organisation in
January 2025. It has been one year,
two months. And since then,
I have been working on generative and
agent decay applications.
So till now we have successfully
completed 2 projects.
Fine.
That's great to hear.
Yeah, currently we are, I mean,
I'm working on setting up DevOps for
another project.
And I'm also interested in computer
vision along with page NDK applications.
Yeah.
Oh, that's nice.
Looks like Achilles you have,
Oh, nice. So maybe in future.
at least you have the guy for signature
detection.
Yes, that's right.
Yeah.
Yeah, so the next thing would be that one.
I have an amazing deal with Likith.
Mm.
Yeah.
Awesome.
All right, then.
Great, yeah,
I'll not hold you guys longer,
so just share the things that you have in
mind. I'll take a look,
I'll collate what I have also and
probably share the list with you so that
we can plan and take it from there.
Yash.
If you want us to create the PRD and
share with you for with the current exact
scoping which we have in mind,
then we can retrain.
Not not the exact scope, just yeah,
just just your high level thoughts on on
the accelerators that you have.
That it's a high-level scoping, yeah.
Yes,
high level scope and the capabilities.
Naveen.
Xbox.
That's all.
We'll detail it out as we start working
Yash.
on those things.
Sounds good.
Right,
because many things will come when we
Yes, yes.
start working and maybe another
brainstorming systems on each component
as well. So yeah.
Yeah, that would be better. Okay,
alright then.
Some, thanks, thanks everyone.
Thank you, everyone. Uday.
Thank you. Bye-bye, everyone.